.\"
.TH BARMAN_RUN_BACKUPS "1" "2013-05-10" "Zonar Systems" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
barman_run_backups \- run barman backups
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B barman_run_backups
[\fIOPTION\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
Wrapper around \fBbarman backup <hostname>\fR. This is intended to be via cron.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Run in verbose mode. All log messages will go to stdout in addition to the log file.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR
Specify the minimum backup age. The miminum backup age is the minimum time between the last base 
backup and the current time. If this is more than MIN_BACKUP_AGE seconds, the 
script will run a base backup. The default is 604800 seconds, or seven days.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR
The maximum number of concurrent base backups. If the there are more than this number currently running, the script will exit with a status of 0.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR
Run in test mode. This will only print out what barman_run_backups would do, but will not take any action.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR
Print out some information about the status of base backups.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Print a brief help message to stdout.
.SH AUTHOR
Kevin Hochhalter <kevin.hochhalter@zonarsystems.com>
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report barman_run_backups bugs to kevin.hochhalter@zonarsystems.com
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2013 Zonar Systems, Inc.
.br
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
.br
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
barman(1), barman(5)
